Hackweek 6 Summary

We built up and implement the tool Snoek function areas during the
hackweek, which can be found at:

http://147.2.207.135:8080

We focused on the main function parts in hackweek 6 duration, and we will
focus more in backend security, database validation, bug fix and function
improvement in the future.

USAGE

        1. Login the web site and click an activity you are interested in

        2. Attend the vote by clicking Take Vote section

                - You could only have one chance of voting at the moment

                - You will not be able to vote for an activity if it is
                  outdated

        3. The statistics of votings are shown in the section Voting Results

                - If only one vote is in the activity, there will be only one
                  table to describe the results

                - If multiple votes are created in the activity, multiple
                  tables would be generated to describe:

                        a. 1 dimension data for each votes

                        b. 2 dimension data for for possible combinations of
                        any two of the votes

                - All voters' favourite choice can be found by clicking 'Who
                  vote what' link

        4. The ODF format of voting results can be downloaded by click
        'Download me'

        5. You may change your password by clicking the tiny icon beside the
        user name
        

FUTURE

        With the functions which a user can typical attend an activity to
        vote, view voting results and export the results to ODF document, we
        still got several features to be improved in the future:

        - function Part

                - Activity management to allow user create her own activity
                  without asking admin to do so

                        As we said in the requirement, any valid user is
                        allowed to create an activity containing any number of
                        Polls. However the activity creation model is not
                        finished in the hackweek.

                        Activity creator is allowed to remove/edit the
                        activities her owned in the front page. The previledge
                        is design in the front end (if login with 'ysun', see
                        the difference besides the Activity 'Hackweek T-shirt
                        registration'. But the button delt/edit is not
                        actually working atm.

                - Allow the activity deadline set to prcision of minutes

                - Allow user to regret a vote and re-vote

                - Allow to search activities by creation date, deadline, etc.

                - Connect to Novell LDAP authentication and support user group

                - Support richer text area for activity descriptions/vote
                  questions

                        We got some links as required for voting questions, we
                        implement it by mixing html tags with questions data
                        set. The example canbe seen here:

                        http://147.2.207.135:8080/activity/4

                        A.

                        However, this is only a WORKAROUND since mixing html
                        tag with real data in a database is not really
                        acceptable solution.

                        So we will re-consider how to handle this. We did not
                        set this as a requirement spec in design phase. The
                        simplest way may be to add a 'details' field in the
                        table of database, in which html tag is allowed. With
                        that activity creater can put rich stuff like
                        hyperlinks, pictures etc. if she knows HTML.

                        B.

                        The workaround above is not working for
                        ODS(libreoffice) export, you can see the raw html will
                        be ugly exported as content with:

                        http://147.2.207.135:8080/download_activity/4

                        This would not be done before the point A is improved.

        - UI

                - Front page category view of activity list

                - Front page paginate view of activity list

                - Display activity creation date/time in front page

                - Better UI with CSS design

                - bar chart of the statistics when reviewing voting results

                - Populate 'Who vote for what' table to odf file as well






1. style setting ( VoteTableCell class)

2. Further analysis

   a. do we need consider optional vote in linked vote?

3. LDAP connection

------------------------------------------------------------

1. current process

- send mail to admin to create an activity

2. submit hackweek 6 code


3. 

+ future features:

    - function

        deadline - precise to minutes

	search function

        Connect to LDAP authentication	
    
        activity management
	
	'Cancel' vote and re-vote

	support richer text area for activity descriptions/vote questions

	display activity creation date/time in front page

    - UI

	front page category view of activity list
	
	front page paginate view of activity list    

	Better UI with CSS design

	bar chart of the statistics when reviewing voting results

        Populate 'Who vote for what' table to odf file as well	


    As we said in the requirement, any valid user is allowed to create an
    activity containing any number of Polls. However the activity creation
    model is not finished in the hackweek.

    Activity creator is allowed to remove/edit the activities her owned in the
    front page. The previledge is design in the front end (if login with
    'ysun', see the difference besides the Activity 'Hackweek T-shirt
    registration'. But the button delt/edit is not actually working atm.




1.update it to server

         physical location: /home/qateam/snoek

         Intranet location: http://147.2.207.135:8080

         User management: http://147.2.207.135:8080/admin (with root:2)

2. The cute key icon besides user name at the top, to change password

3. Update the demo vote in database with html tag then force to render it in browser. You
can see the effect:

        http://147.2.207.135:8080/activity/4

        A.

        However, I tend to think this is only a WORKAROUND since mixing html
        tag with real data in a database is not really acceptable. It will
        bring a lot of trouble in the future when we want real data only.

        So we will re-consider how to handle this. The simplest way is to add
        a 'details' field in the table of database, in which html tag is
        allowed. With that activity creater can put rich stuff like
        hyperlinks, pictures etc. if she knows HTML :)

        Of course this will add more effort to adjust the current
        code, and much more effort in Qiushuang's activity creation
        work. So I suggest to take this as a next improvement feature.

        B.

        The workaround above is not working for ODS(libreoffice)
        export, you can see the raw html will be ugly exported as
        content with:
        
        http://147.2.207.135:8080/download_activity/4        

        since rendering ODS is totally another piece of code
        and I have no idea to find a simple way to deal with them
        before the point A is improved.

        So, can we also release-note this and fix it another time.    

